Single Linux prep work (#2095)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/docker.md

- a Sinatra application
- the Sinatra application test suite

> After specifying in the `.travis.yml` that the worker is using the Docker enabled environment (with `services: - docker`) and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After specifying in the `.travis.yml`  to use Docker (with `services: - docker`) and Ruby (with `language: ruby`)
```

> using ruby, the `before_install` build step pulls a Docker image from [carlad/sinatra](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/carlad/sinatra/) then runs

Reviewer: , the `before_install` build step pulls a Docker image from [carlad/sinatra](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/carlad/sinatra/) then runs

## Pushing a Docker Image to a Registry

> To push an image to a registry, one must first authenticate via `docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push an image to a Docker registry, one must first authenticate via `docker
```

login`.  The email, username, and password used for login should be stored in
the repository settings environment variables, which may be set up through the

> web or locally via the Travis CLI, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository settings web page or locally via the Travis CLI, e.g.:
```
